README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Riccardo 👋

I'm a last-year MSc student in Electronic Engineering at the University of Genoa, with a strong focus on Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and AI systems.

Currently working with **ABB** on a multimodal LLM pipeline for automated video-based technical support — integrating Whisper, CLIP, Qdrant, and LLM reasoning.

### 🔧 Technologies & Interests
- Machine Learning · Deep Learning · AI Systems  
- Multimodal models · RAG · Embeddings  
- Python · PyTorch · FastAPI · Docker · Qdrant  
- Reinforcement Learning (DQN, Double-Q, SARSA)  
- Planning & Reasoning (PDDL, ENHSP/OPTIC)

### 📌 Selected Projects
- **ABB Thesis – Multimodal LLM System**  
  End-to-end pipeline integrating ASR, vision encoders, vector DB retrieval and LLM reasoning.

- **RL Agents – OpenAI Gym**  
  Implementations of DQN, Double Q-Learning and SARSA on environments like LunarLander.

- **Warehouse Planning in PDDL**  
  Advanced PDDL+ domain with durative actions, events, processes, and multi-agent coordination.

---

Feel free to reach out!  
📫 riccardosuma@gmail.com

Commit message:

Enhance README with additional skills and projects
Updated personal information and added coursework details.

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Riccardo 👋

I'm a last-year MSc student in Electronic Engineering at the University of Genoa, with a strong focus on Machine Learning, Deep Learning, AI systems and Embedded Electronics.

Currently working with **ABB** on a multimodal LLM pipeline for automated video-based technical support — integrating Whisper, CLIP, Qdrant, Nomic, Qwen and LLM reasoning.

### 🔧 Technologies & Interests
- Machine Learning · Deep Learning · AI Systems  
- Multimodal models · RAG · Embeddings  
- Python · PyTorch · FastAPI · Docker · Qdrant  
- Reinforcement Learning (DQN, Double-Q, SARSA)
- Microelectronics and Circuits Design (CMOS techonology)
- Digital Design and Verification
- Planning & Reasoning (PDDL, ENHSP/OPTIC)

### 📌 Selected Projects
- **ABB Thesis – Multimodal LLM System**  
  End-to-end pipeline integrating ASR, vision encoders, vector DB retrieval and LLM reasoning.

- **RL Agents – OpenAI Gym**  
  Implementations of DQN, Double Q-Learning and SARSA on environments like LunarLander.

- **Warehouse Planning in PDDL**  
  Advanced PDDL+ domain with durative actions, events, processes, and multi-agent coordination.

- **Electronics coursework**
  Design and sizing of multistage differential amplifiers with specified gain, bandwith and noise rejection constraints. (Cadence)
  Developement of schematic and layout of a tapered buffer, taking into account parasitic capacities and time constraints. (Xschem, Magic, LVS)
  Lab activities on RTL Digital Design in VHDL. (FSM, Arithmetic Circuits)
  
---

Feel free to reach out!  
📫 riccardosuma@gmail.com
